Shasta crouched behind the bush and waited. She had tried a dozen things, and none of them had worked. This time she would show her master her loyalty. This time she would catch the squirrel.

It was sitting in the tree, shaded from the hot Texas sun. The squirrel was eating a pecan, one of the master’s pecans. Shasta panted as quiet as she could. She waited for the squirrel to come down, it was bound to happen sooner or later.

The squirrel twitched its ears and looked around. Shasta quit panting and stared at the rodent, it was about to move. The woodland creature expended its half eaten pecan and turned to face the trunk. It ran down, and Shasta jumped from behind the bush. She barked, and her wolven ancestors would have been proud, despite her being a 12-pound beagle.

But alas the squirrel heard her from the bushes, and before Shasta got to the base of the tree, it had retreated up. The rodent looked for other places to go. You’re not getting out of this one, Shasta thought. I’ve got you this time. And she was right there was nowhere for it to go.

Then the squirrel went to the edge of the branch where the limb got thinner. Shasta watched the squirrel weigh down the branch. You’re going to fall right into my mouth, she thought. Then the unexpected and unexplainable happened. The squired was walking on top of the great fence.

What is this? Shasta protested with a bark. Then another bark, followed by three more. She ran the length of the yard following the squirrel and barking the entire time trying to scare it or curse it off the fence. She yelped and ran until she met the other great fence. Then the squirrel simply jumped into another yard, onto another tree, and it was out of Shasta’s sight.

“Hush up out there," the master yelled.

She turned looked at her owner in the doorway of the house. Her heart was beating in her chest, but she didn’t care. She was soon sitting right in front of him. He looked down at her.

“Did you scare off the squirrel?" her master asked.

She stared at what he was doing. He was holding flatware and was eating something that smelled delicious.

“Here," he said dropping a piece of steak. Shasta caught it in her mouth. It tasted as good as the squirrel probably would have.